oh take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran on without me [Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon I have a couple of announcements before we begin today
Gnostic informant is being initiated into unassailable freedom
he has been handed over to the devil it is a return to bacchic Mania
if his preparation is complete he will come to celebrate Saturn with us
this week Satan a note for me as your mistus I do not
make public preparation this is his business
tonight's episode is about preventing rape and killing
Saints
[Music]
I know that we don't have a lot of time together so I'm going to make this brief
tonight I must start with a public service announcement if you are being cornered
if you're being taken in the back or into a back alley or somewhere in a park where there's not a lot of people with
an academic if an academic coaxes you into some
place that's isolated always always always
rely upon reason don't take everything you're given
today I had to witness a terrible
terrible intellectual and psychical molestation
and it took place in such a Grievous and and perverted way in order to maintain
status in order to maintainism in order to maintain the great facade
of Academia foreign
little stroke you can bring them short every time with
one little stroke what was the weakness today the weakness today was the mystery
the mystery what happened everybody defines the mystery
and those who Define it who live the fairy tale Define it as the secret
everybody knows it's the secret great who has from great institutions
will tell you that and they'll say go look it up I suggest you do
and when you'll do when you do dig down to the depth and get to the ground the
scientific ground you'll see it means initiation [Music]
it means initiator one who has one who is directing
one who is leading the mostest is the one who is leading the initiation it is also the initiation when Jesus said I am
the way he was saying that because the initiation is the initiator
yeah he is the way yes very good so when someone get back
get back youngest did you see what he did here yo get down
right get your whip where's my whips get you broke my cup
it was young if young understood the mystery
you are never going to understand Young until you open your eyes
until you have ears to hear and until then don't pretend don't sit
in your Palace your lofty Palace and potificate pontificatiously
no you don't everybody here who is in this congregation knows this Temple is
sacred here we can go to the source here we can
find out what was being said and here tonight I'd like to start so shout out
to the those of you who are those of you who are used and abused
yeah it's time for us to stand up and take on our abusers
and that phony world that they keep trying to shove down our throats that
fake world that you know doesn't exist now your eyes have been open
yeah no more no more of that tonight I invite you to come to Salome we go to
sell me in order to get to Salome I want to resurrect the ghost of Oscar Wilde
you say I could have gone Crowley oh yes well you know
um when given a choice between a fine French cuisine and McDonald's I have to
choose Oscar Wilde thank you very much um I want to read to you a couple of
lines here's a good one to start here's a good one to start how good to see the
moon she is like a little piece of money a little silver flower
she is cold and Chase I am sure she is a virgin she has the beauty of a virgin
yes she is a virgin she has never defiled herself she has never abandoned
herself to men like the other goddesses
foreign is the one who danced the one who danced
and killed the prophet from her dance came the head
on a silver platter dressed in silver he was for his death
yes yes killing Saints why kill a saint let's see let's see Oscar can you tell
us um what John said John said where is he whose cup of
Abominations is now full where is he who in a robe of silver
shall one day die in the face of all the people it's you John it's you
bid him come forth that he may hear the voice of him who hath cried in the waste
places and in the houses of Kings Salome of whom is he speaking a young
Syrian no one can tell princess John
where is she who saw the images of men painted on the walls you and I have seen
these images we know where they are thank you you dirty perverted Ezekiel
even the images of the Chaldeans painted with colors and gave herself up to the lust of her
eyes and sent ambassadors in the land into the land of caldea
Salome it is of my mother that he is speaking a young Syrian oh no princess Salome yes
it is of my mother that he is speaking her mother is herodious
and who is herodias she happens to be um if you're living in the Middle Ages
she happens to be a very important witch Queen yes if you're living in Antiquity she
happens to be a very important Witch Princess yes
yes um we see her originally ultimately elevated to Queen
yes with her daughter Salome isn't that nice
what is Salome think it's my mother he's talking about
who is she who is the moon as you begin to see you can use this guide to show
yourself use Wild's ghosts to show yourself the rights
where is she who gave herself unto the captain of Assyria who have baldricks on their loins and
crowns of Many Colors on their heads where is she who has given herself to the young men of the Egyptians
who are clothed in fine linen and Hyacinth whose Shields are of gold whose
helmets are silver whose bodies are mighty go bid her Rise Up from the bed of her
Abominations from the bed of her incestuousness that she may hear the
words of him who prepareth the way of the Lord that she may rep repent of her iniquities
that she will not repent but will stick fast in her Abominations go bid her come
for the fan of the Lord is at hand Salome ah but he is terrible
terrible the young Syrian do not stay here princess
Salome it is his eyes above all that are terrible
they're like black holes burned by torches in the tapestry of Tire they're
like the Black Caverns where the dragons live the Black Caverns of Egypt in which
the dragons make their layers they're like black legs troubled by
fantastic moons do you think she will speak he will speak again the young Syrian do not stay
here princess I pray you do not stay here sell me how wasted he is
he's like a thin Ivory statue he's like an image of silver
I'm sure he is chased
as is the Moon he's like a Moonbeam like a shaft of
silver his flesh must be very cold cold as ivory
I would look closer at him no no princess Salome I must look at him
closer the young Syrian princess princess John
who is this woman who is looking at me I
will not have her look at me wherefore does she look at me with her golden eyes under her gilded eyelids I
know not who she is I do not desire to know who she is but her be gone it is
not to her that I would speak I am Salome daughter of herodias
Princess of Judea John back daughter of Babylon come not near the chosen of the
Lord the mother has filled the Earth with the wine your mother has filled the
Earth with the wine of her iniquities and the Cry of her sinning has come up
even to the ears of God foreign
daughter of Sodom come not near me but cover your face
with a veil and Scatter ashes upon your head and get thee to the desert and seek out
the son of man
was it a conscious process that brought forth this right
or was it something of the design of a Classics design a way
to bring to you encapsulate a mystery if you are able to read
Oscar Wilde Salome and have ears to hear you will see her
whom the Mysteries hold as a center
you will see the aid alone Oscar Wilde was able to bring you the a domon
the image of the queen yeah
yeah if you're going to sit in an ivory Tower
and talk about the mystery as a secret those of us who have been to the
sources will know that you are making things up
from the perspective of the detritus of the last 2 000 years
you are perpetuating a false world that does not exist the reality is far more
interesting far more interesting
Salome had John beheaded for a dance it was in front
of the king's highest generals and some visiting potentates
doesn't sound like an average party to me because it sound like an Irish party to
you if you believe the Coptic sources
you'll know that Mary the mother of Jesus was herself
a priestess in the temple and you'll know that she was involved
with the dancing of the purple and you'll know that when the midwife
insert her fingers into her vagina to palpate as any Midwife would do that's
practice to palpate her cervix she found out she had to remove them because they
burned they burned Mary is there
Salome is there taking the head of the Baptist yes and how does she get that head she
gets that head for a dance people don't consider
salome's greatest accomplishment was the silencing of a prophet
through her dance yeah what was she doing there
and what was it that Herod had to Grant her
up to half of his kingdom because when you swear things like that in public here you know Antipas isn't the only one
doing this right this is a classical convention you see it all over the place early
literature the late stuff when you swear when you take an oath
um and it's public the ears that hear are witnesses
and for Herod to swear in front of these assemble these assembled important big
pants that he was going to give her half the kingdom
up to what she want he had to give her everything anything she asked for and she asked for
everything right in order to re-establish the rightful place of her own mother
who this Prophet was profaning
Oscar Wilde had ears to hear
um he recognized the sources and so that's why he can so accurately
label Salome the moon of the mystery she meets you in
the cave while you sleep yes so
um next time a union grabs you and takes you behind the somewhere dark
in an alley somewhere it doesn't matter under a bush doesn't matter wherever this jungian wants to drag you and take
you and they have the guts the temerity the unmitigated brashness
to say shut up to say
that mystery is a secret it shows you they have not yet opened the red book
they do not possess the Libra nois es right they don't know how to wield
the the serpent wand
of the girl who was half virgin half Viper
the very images that young was possessed by
when he sealed his Libra nois yes don't let them take you behind in the bushes
and give you something that's that's from the last two thousand years of detritus it's not reality I was talking
with someone this week and I want to jump to our hymn In closing but I was talking to someone this week
um yes about the incident in the garden the incident in the garden and setting
up the scene of that incident in the garden um and I just want to
yeah because you closed that that's a little bit rude sorry I've got teenager
um that incident in the garden uh where we're talking about the setting
of that place remember there are three men who are standing at a distance you're detectives right there were three
men in a public park at 4am and there there's one guy
and there's three other guys standing in a distance from him keeping watch and they're armed because they end up when
the cops end up showing up to make the arrest with their informant they've got
their informant with them right he's gonna actually point out the leader of
what's going on and when they show up and that naked kid runs off and somebody pulls out a sword
and starts swaying at somebody I yeah somebody from the temple gets their ear
cut off yeah and um we have to understand that when the prostitutes show back up at the
crucifixion when not even the guys who were there the enforcers would show up and the mob is crying out kill this guy
kill this guy we've got to establish that context to
see what he was actually doing there what is the reality right we we will not go back to fairy
tale world right we will not go back to Charlton Heston right no we must go forward and we must
know what all of these elements were let's turn to for the sake of our
initiation let's turn to um in this Bible study today with Salome let's turn to the Divinity good thank
you for bringing that up Chewie um this is an orphic hymn and I'm just opening it here myself and I'm going to
read it to you I'm going to translate it to you from this Greek text
um yes there's more foreign
yes I call upon the thesma for Dionysus the phasma 4 the one who brings themus
themus right by the way this is a woman's voice for those of you out here who think a
man is saying this you're wrong this is performed during the thesmaphoria
and and if we just need to catch up think rights of the Korah rights of the
Korah celebrations of eluses all right the thesmaphoria is an event
women only there are only women seeing these hymns so when you shave your head
don't be surprised that I don't tell you you need to shave your beard because if you're a woman in Antiquity you don't
have to worry about that yeah yeah I mean don't don't get me wrong the
doctors have all sorts of plasters and stuff to take care of uh you know little hairs but um we're not shaving our
beards we're shaving our heads because we are women so hold that in mind this may surprise
you I want to take you to him the hymn of Misa um I call upon the phasma for the
narthex Bearer what's the narthex that's that empty
um hollowed out Kane that's that that that's that uh
instrument that carries the fire of Prometheus yeah it's a read right it's a read
good and it's carried by Dionysus yes you may also know Prometheus
he hid the fire of Zeus for those of you who have ears to hear you'll know that
he hid the fire of Zeus in the north decks that's what he brings
Stone second line Paulo ornament [Music]
um seed that is most remembered seed
I remember we're thinking like Bronze Age Greeks we're thinking like Farmers
we're talking about series The Golden Fields were about to come across we're about to come across Isis in Egypt and
the banks of the Nile this is where we are all right we're not writing this from Mars
good what is her name holy Misa wait a minute
you boolius who is you bulliest you bully says that dude that mortal that
Witnesses the Abduction of the Korah he's the only mortal and he brings that
he brings that wisdom and so is therefore involved eubilius is
in the rights you Bullis is Dionysus yes it's an apathet used for Dionysus
wait a minute Dionysus is a person yeah yep
right um now you understand why they talk about possession so much good
um what is this Dionysus this Dionysus is Misa and the translators
um at least um I don't remember Taylor's but often a
song is this translation of this which is generally good here um has to you
have to make a decision because the text all all of a sudden switches from masculine to feminine starts describing
a female goddess saying she is Holy yeah and she is unspoken they are Ray
tone the unspoken the Unspeakable the ineffable [Music]
using the old Mycenaean wanasa
the word for that princess remember the scythian princess that they found whoever wearing that Crown that's a
wanna saw that's a Bronze Age Queen right there Mary hello Mary beard
yes we're talking about women only cults
we're talking about women's performances we're talking about Queens Mary you need
to wake up Mary wake up Mary devil calling Mary Beard wake up
um yeah so uh and here I I just want to because we're wrapped for time here the
window's closing I just want to finish our hymn here yeah um it talks about
um being an elusive at their rights and how nice that is and he talks about Cyprus right Beyond Cyprus with with the
beautiful crown kissarea right right uranium we're talking about the worship
of urania here and that you mean that's the same as little yes yes right this is
the this is the thimis bringer right this is the phasma 4. this is the one
who brings us the law this is oh did you feel that shiver wait a minute what was
that yeah it's that's the component of the mystery religion the Oracle you mean
Judaism and Christianity or offshoots of saturnia and Bronze Age worship yeah
they are oracular saturnian Bronze Age worship we are bringing Themis
right only the law on the Pagan's side is the she
is a sheet remember we've got to dress up you ever see a bacon dressed like a man no
Rockets dressed like women mean ads are the power they're the ones
the women they're the ones who are performing the rights all right you and I you and I if we want
to see if we want to get close you gotta dress like women you got dressed like women for those of
you with ears to hear yes where else are we we're by the we're by your mother
or by your mother phasma 4 or by your mother who is that the melanophor Isis
the milanaphor what is a melanophore remember this four is a term that's used
in drug and cult right it's using a medical sign cult side it's a carrier of
who is Lady Babylon she's a carrier of that water she's the one who operates within that
realm who is who is Misa she is the carrier of the
black of the darkness she is a carrier of that toward John
that which reaches toward Dawn remember these are the dawnbringers that we're
talking about this is a family that predates Genesis upon which Genesis is
based these are the dawnbringers those who Open the Eyes
isn't that nice those who Open the Eyes they used to they used to shout Edwards here in this hymn they Shout yakos
iak cross
another name of Dionysus yes another name of Dionysus this is
what they shout if you are going to enter in to the unassailable freedom
if you're going to become the initiate
if you're going to take that Rift of reality
and open it up peel it back and walk into it
if you're going to do that um you'll have to walk the way
you'll have to walk the way and that won't be determined by any person there's a reason
did you ever notice they've got some funny stuff going on in Corinth right in
this funny kind of incestuous stuff going on there's some funny sexual stuff
going on there's a father and his daughter and Paul says give that give
the guy over to Satan nobody ever questions what what wait
wait what um give the guy over to Satan as if it's a
Direction for them to execute he's not just throwing him a metaphor
he's telling them to perform a process to deliver that person over to the devil
for what why would you give some to the devil for chastisement for punishment
yeah for purification you have been handed over to the devil
for purification yeah yeah
do we end up in a dance yep we end up with a dance with Salome
what kind of dance was that it was a dance involving the
Abominations of her cop yes and the ways of Sodom
yes if you don't know the ways of Sodom it's because you don't have ears to hear but there is a place
that you can go and a way that will take you there
um and let's go now do we have I want to take now we're done I just want to take
thank you for your 30 minutes today and I'm taking it very seriously trying to keep us to that hold us to that please
be careful out there do not get fingered by an academic okay we need reality
uh yeah because we're sworn to it right reality reason
um I've kept you to your 30 minutes I'm gonna have Rob on for five to ten
minutes Rob tell me what do you want to to uh do with this material
hey so I'm gonna be cheeky and say can we get fingered by Oscar Wilde then
instead of the academic because yeah
you've you've taken a look at Salome you've taken along the salamate now tell
me what you see in Salome coded it's it's coded to the hilt isn't
it how does Oscar Wilde know how to code this stuff and put it into a plate
that becomes something that's it's not just a small thing this isn't I mean
you've got like your mega stars who are obsessed with this stuff you've got Al Pacino who's
he's obsessed with he's done a play he's done a film he's doing a documentary of
a play of a film he's in our day and age so he's reading
into this I mean how does Oscar Wilde know about the wines when he's writing this play
how does he know is to include these wines because
it talks about three types of wines from different areas
in in geography so how does he that takes either because he hasn't got the
research capability we've got in his day and age and so where's he getting his information
that's the that's the big thing for me he's getting his information from he kind of stay as clear of the biblical
side of things and gives salami agency he's kind of
gets she comes to the Forefront doesn't she and she becomes the star
whereas it's um it's been portrayed for so long as almost like a warning the the
kind of the kind of message what's coming from down below through the vent from
from John John I mean it's John is talking apocalyptic
and sauce Lindsay but that doesn't come until after
the moon's turning blood red
and the sun's going dark and the sun's staying into black and that that doesn't come till later on does it
if you if you look at it in a historical sense that doesn't come come till later on so why is wild including this into I
mean it has he been initiated essentially is where I'm going with this is as Oscar Wilde been initiated because
if you were if you were to ask my opinion I'd say yes I'd say it was initiated through his education
what do you think about his being in prison is that uh was that an initiation
um yeah I got a gas show because he's he's feeling the Wrath he's talking
about the dragon and feeling the wrath of disclosing information there as far as
I'm concerned I think his disclosing information You've Got To Have Some balls you've got to have some balls to
put that kind of document out there for those where the years to ear will be
listening to that document and they will know what you're saying in that document in that play you're making a play which
is going to become super famous it's it's a super famous play you know in the
in the in the there's there's it it's just it blows my
mind how he can code this play and it's not a Long play
it's not a very long thing to comprehend and understand which filled it's absolutely filled and
that is what explodes out onto why you can make films about it why you can write show famous in my opinion so yeah
and I and I think you're correct to ask because he'd been initiated that's the same question you can ask with patchwork
who does everything who actually performs necromantic sortes
um you can ask it's why the modern Scholars on the Libra noas on Jung's book will never catch up it's why
they're so behind and they're so lost in it um it's because they don't understand
the practice they can't comprehend that practice um so they'll talk about the symbols but
they'll entirely miss the the mystery in which those symbols sit again they don't
have ears young says that he seals the book where break the seal then right can
they no they can and they won't break the seal right because why not no
respect for the muse no respects for the Muse was Oscar Wilde able to circumvent whatever it was
that's stopping the head of the great organizations of the world academically
was was Oscar Wilde able to circumvent it yeah he was able to go from the
outside he remained a guardian or a dragon of those texts and he used all
the images that those texts contain um just like patriarch
um just like boccaccio um I would say just like Prova did as
far back as like fourth Century um did by protecting protecting the
mystery and um using listen to The Genius of this woman she she used Virgil
to write the um New Testament to write the story of
Jesus she used Virgil and when you think about that's that's
phenomenal it's it's not even in our brains to be able to say I couldn't take if I was a musician I couldn't take
Beethoven a Mozart and somebody else and excerpt from them something to create a
symphony that sounded um gorgeous as if it's original work and yet she is
just using the elements how is she able to do that because she understands the mystery and how it functions they call
her they have to call her a Christian because of it right it's that powerful
so um if you want to function in the world that we're still that we're in with this
myth and this fairy tale that we're perpetuating fine I'd rather be with those people like Prova who have opened
up the reality and are masters of it that's yeah yeah so did Wild was wild
initiated I can um I I would just say that he was he uses the Dragon element yeah he does he
preserves the song but I would say no more so than the Templars no more so
than any uh than Michelle or Mike morulis marilis how does Mike morulis
write perfect cult poetry perfect hymns to be used in rights how does he orphic
rights how does he do that um when he's living it's like in the
Latin then sucks anyway it's terrible so how does he how does he go back are these dragons preserving I don't know
any word from arto on this any yeah deep in the middle of all this yeah
that's um I'm still on I'm still on Research in Auto and I'm going to bring you some
more information but yeah it was he went to Ireland thinking there was an apocalypse about
trapping he actually just he made it all the way to Ireland with no money
whatsoever he just used um a letter from a from an official as currency to get to Ireland
and when he got to Ireland nobody could understand him nobody could figure out
what what he was saying because he didn't speak Gaelic he didn't speak English and they didn't speak French so
he really struggled so uh what I'd like to do is offer more information as to
why he went there and where and what happened to him when he come back so I don't want to
go too early on that I'd like to give a more detailed account and I'm really going to reset appreciate John that
good and you're going to be talking to us a little bit about his magic too and some things you found out and he was
trying to protect someone great yeah I've got to make amends there because I
I have presented um a spell on on the last Bible studies I presented
a spell that I interpreted as a death threat and I've recently got more information
on that and it's not a death threat what it is is a protection spell
and I'm trying to piece together and figure out the metaphoric basis of how
you say to somebody I'll send you the force of death in a protection Manner and somebody
commented on YouTube Somebody commented after and said I don't think it's a death threat and that made me Shack and
guess myself which is a good thing I enjoy second guessing I don't mind being mistaken and wrong and I'll certainly
address anything like that such as another one I'm not very good at this am I because he says Mary beard as far as I
can tell but the the English accent would be different on that but then
yeah she it it's um it's not a death threat what he sent in
this poor Sophia mossey was I think she was Jewish and I think
she was taken off in occupied occupied French German occupied France and she was taken off which like
I said I'd prefer offer a bit more detail Isn't it nice to have a an extremely
well uh red audience I mean this is like being in the museum here we can get
excellent comments and we have people say hey have you seen this they'll pull something off the shelf they'll be able
to look at this manuscript oh it's got Dyers formula and stuff like that from Antiquity we have a real opportunity
here um with uh um you're not an audience right you're not an audience you're active
participants now in the initiation and I appreciate that I appreciate that and
Rob appreciates that Rob will be talking about and in the future when it's appropriate for Friday night for Friday
night um I oh I want us to be able to see
to see the initiation in progress
um this is this is the goal if we can reach that Herculean
unassailable freedom I'm looking forward to Friday night yep
yep me too thank you everybody thank you Rob and uh we'll see everybody
want to tell you guys and I can tell Rob says thinking the same thing it's it's it's a real honor to have a a great a
great group of participants like you guys who consistently hang here with us yeah and um we need to start bringing
everybody on board we need to start making this you know um a more a more
hospitable congregation but anyway I'm gonna stop blabbing Rob thank you very much thanks for having me
on and I'll see you next time hail Satan hail shape show me the girl I
never met I want it so bad [Music]
where is that Golden Palace where is that horse called Destiny I think she
ran off without me [Music]